README.md, before:

# md-annotated-hexdumps README

Adds support for annotated hexdumps, driven by the the [marked-annotated-hexdump](https://www.npmjs.com/package/marked-annotated-hexdump) library. This allows you to add highlighted regions to hexdumps, and control how they are displayed.

![The PNG header](./images/preview.gif)

## Syntax

Simply create a markdown code block with the language set to `annotated-hexdump`, and use the following commands:

- `/highlight [0:3,6] /0` will highlight a bytes 0-3 inclusive and 6, using highlight color 0.
  There are 16 highlight colors.
- `/awidth 8` will display the addresses using 8 bytes instead of the default 4. You can use any value between 2 and 8.
- `/width 4` will display 4 bytes of data per line, instead of the default 16. You can use any value between 2 and 32.
- `/case upper` or `/case lower` can be used to control the case of the output hexdump. Defaults to uppercase.
- `/missing ?` will replace missing bytes with `??`. Defaults to whitespace.
- `/note /0 Header bytes` will place the note `Header bytes` after the hexdump, highlighted with color 0.

More documentation of the syntax is provided at [marked-annotated-hexdump](https://www.npmjs.com/package/marked-annotated-hexdump).

You can use the [playground](https://danishcake.github.io/marked-annotated-hexdump/markdown-it/) to play with the syntax without installing anything.

Commit message:

feat: Create multimarkdown tables extension

README.md, after:

# md-annotated-hexdumps README

Adds support for multimark tables, driven by the the [markdown-it-multimd-table](https://www.npmjs.com/package/markdown-it-multimd-table) library.
This allows you to add complex tables, with spanned rows and columns, or define tables over multiple rows.

## Syntax

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
````markdown
|               |          Grouping           ||
| First Header  | Second Header | Third Header |
| ------------- | :-----------: | -----------: |
| Content       |          *Long Cell*        ||
| Content       |   **Cell**    |         Cell |
| New section   |     More      |         Data |
| And more      | With an escaped '\|'        ||
|^^             | and more!                   ||
| It even       | Which is helpful if you got || \
| supports      | a lot to say, which would   || \
| multiple rows | otherwise make a very long  || \
|               | line                        ||
| You can put arbitrary markdown in cells    ||| \
| - Item 1                                   ||| \
| - Item 2                                   ||| \
| - Item 3                                   |||
| ```typescript                              ||| \
| const codeBlock = 'allowed';               ||| \
| ```                                        |||
````
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

![Rendered complex table](images/ComplexTable.png)
